wallet/rpc: follow-up clean-up/fixes to avoid_reuse (#16239)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes-13756.md

a wallet will distinguish between used and unused addresses, and default to not
use the former in coin selection.

> (Rescanning the blockchain is required, to correctly mark previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rescanning the blockchain is required, to correctly mark previously
```

- createwallet
- getbalance
- getbalances
- sendtoaddress

> In addition, `sendtoaddress` has been changed to always use `-avoidpartialspends`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, `sendtoaddress` has been changed to avoid partial spends ... (if not already enabled via the  `-avoidpartialspends` command line flag) ...
```
